docs: Self-hosted kubernetes installation page refactor (#4704)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/install/kubernetes/README.md

3. **Helm:** FlowFuse provides the Helm chart to manage platform deployment. Installation can be done through the instructions on [their website](https://helm.sh)
4. **Kubernetes Cluster:** The deployment has currently been tested on the following environments:
     - [AWS EKS](aws_terraform.md)
     - [Digital Ocean](digital-ocean.md)
     - MicroK8s
5. **Ingress Controller:** An Ingress controller installed on the kubernetes cluster. FlowFuse Helm chart uses the [Ingress NGINX Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx) by default.

For a production-ready environment, we also recommend: 
* **Database:** Prepare dedicated database on a external database server (see [FAQ](#how-to-use-external-database-server%3F) for more details)
* **TLS Certificate:** Prepare TLS certificate for your domain and configure FlowFuse platform to use it (see [Enable HTTPS](#enable-https-optional))

### DNS

A [wildcard DNS entry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_DNS_record) will be needed 
to point to the domain that is used for the project instances. This will need to point 
to the kubernetes Ingress controller.

> For example if you want projects to be accessible as `[project-name].example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if you want projects to be accessible as `[instance-name].example.com`
```

Notes on how to setup DNS can be found [here](../dns-setup.md).

## Installing FlowFuse

### Add FlowFuse Helm Repository

```bash
helm repo add flowfuse https://flowfuse.github.io/helm
helm repo update
```

### Customize Helm Chart

All the initial configuration is handled by the Helm chart. This is done by creating a `customization.yml` file that will be passed to the Helm along with the chart.

To create `customization.yml` file with a minimal required configuration (replace `example.com` with your domain):

```bash
cat <<EOF > customization.yml
forge:
  entryPoint: forge.example.com
  domain: example.com
  https: false
  localPostgresql: true
EOF
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full list of all the configuration options can be found in the [Helm Chart README](https://github.com/FlowFuse/helm/blob/main/helm/flowforge/README.md#configuration-values).
```

### Label Nodes

> FlowFuse platform expects that Kubernetes nodes have specific labels applied. The main reason behind this approach is to separate core application components from Node-RED instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default FlowFuse platform expects that Kubernetes nodes have specific labels applied. The main reason behind this approach is to separate core application components from Node-RED instances.
```

Once you have the `customization.yml` file created, you can install FlowFuse using our Helm chart. This will automatically create all required objects and start services:

```bash
helm upgrade --atomic --install --timeout 10m flowfuse flowfuse/flowforge -f customization.yml
```

## First Run Setup

The first time you access the platform in your browser, it will take you through
creating an administrator for the platform and other configuration options.

For more information, follow [this guide](../first-run.md).

Once you have finished setting up the admin user there are some [Kubernetes specific items to consider](#common-questions).

## Upgrade

All technical aspects of the upgrade process of Flowfuse application running on Kubernetes and managed by Helm chart are maintained in our repository.
Please refer to the [Flowfuse Helm Chart documentation](https://github.com/FlowFuse/helm/blob/main/helm/flowforge/README.md#upgrading-chart) for more details
about the upgrade process.

## Common Questions

### I would like to secure the platform with HTTPS, how can I do that?

In cloud environments, it is recommended to use a Load Balancer to terminate SSL traffic.

> However, if you want to use SSL termination on the Kubernetes Ingress Controller, we give such possibility by utilizing [Cert-Manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/) tool (not part of the FlowFuse Helm chart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you want to use SSL termination on the Kubernetes Ingress Controller, this is possible by utilizing [Cert-Manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/) tool (not part of the FlowFuse Helm chart).
```
